present to your attention
the cam minu stroller is meant for
children from six months to three years
weighing up to 15 kilos reversible
reclining seat up
horizontal position of the backrest
large adjustable hood with
a viewing window a cape on legs and
compact cane folding is simple and
functionally large waterproof
the hood has a sun shade and
viewing window on top
Hood position is adjustable without
labor if necessary it can
spread out almost to the bumper
the back of the hood can be unfastened
this way we get the summer version
with sun canopy five-point belts
security adjustable in length
soft protective bumper covered
silicone film it is not at all
prevent the baby from landing in the stroller just
take him aside pulling on
latch bottom
seat the child in the stroller and return
bumper in place note bumper
attached directly to the frame of the stroller
on the back of the frame there are
similar mounting hardware
bumper with reverse position
walking block
stroller features an adjustable footrest her
position can be adjusted when
help fixers below slightly below
there is a plastic footboard for already
grown-up child
backrest tilt adjustable in
several positions to fully
horizontal with the lock on
back of the back like this
for the comfort and safety of the baby can
close the hood
cape on the legs already included and
attached to the bumper and to the pleasure
block with the buttons walking
the seat can be set as facing
mom and vice versa for a start
you must remove the bumper then unfasten
seat cover from the frame and use
clamps on the sides of the pleasure block
further remove it up to 10 months better
to set the baby to face mom
after facing the world
attention when installing the pleasure
block facing mother
it should be mounted on the mount
closest to the back of the stroller
when installed face down on
distant stroller is easy to drive and
maneuver on due to front pivot
locking wheels to lock
wheel enough to raise the latch up
if you drive on a rough surface
snow or sand
better lock the wheels downstairs we
see a spacious shopping basket
foot brake blocks both rear
wheels and has two pedals to
put the carriage on the brake click on
right pedal
to remove the stroller from the brake press
left
color marking and explanatory inscriptions
will not let you make a mistake to fold the frame
komi but it's just compact enough
cane for this pull over
clamps on both sides of the frame and
lift the central lock then
pull the handle up note in
folded stroller enough
compact and stable upright
position to the right is a retainer from
unfolding to unfold the stroller
loosen it pull the handle
strollers and lower down
central lock ready
cam minu stroller included
cape on legs
rain cover and instructions